!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
create	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
create	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
destroy	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
destroy	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
edit	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
edit	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
index	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
index	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:ProjectsController
index	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
MotionProjectsController	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^class MotionProjectsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c	language:Ruby
motion_project_params	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^    def motion_project_params$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
new	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
new	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
ProjectsController	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	/^class ProjectsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c	language:Ruby
project_params	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	/^    def project_params$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:ProjectsController
set_motion_project	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^    def set_motion_project$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
set_project	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	/^    def set_project$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:ProjectsController
set_stills_project	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^    def set_stills_project$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
show	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
show	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
StillsProjectsController	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^class StillsProjectsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c	language:Ruby
stills_project_params	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^    def stills_project_params$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
update	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/motion_projects_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:MotionProjectsController
update	/Users/matt/Documents/Matt/jjcreative/app/app/controllers/stills_projects_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:StillsProjectsController
